cloud: add a note to importing local files (#14646)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-import-local-files.md

- Currently, TiDB Cloud only supports importing a local file in CSV format within 50 MiB for one task.
- Importing local files is supported only for TiDB Serverless clusters, not for TiDB Dedicated clusters.
- You cannot run more than one import task at the same time.
- When you import a CSV file into an existing table in TiDB Cloud and the target table has more columns than the source file, the extra columns are handled differently depending on the situation:

>     - If the extra columns are not the primary keys or the unique keys, no error will be reported, but the extra columns will be populated with the [default values](/data-type-default-values.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the extra columns are not the primary keys or the unique keys, no error will be reported. Instead, these extra columns will be populated with their [default values](/data-type-default-values.md).
```

>     - If the extra columns are the primary keys or the unique keys, and do not have the `auto_increment` or `auto_random` attribute，an error will be reported. In that case, it is recommended that you choose one of the following strategies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the extra columns are the primary keys or the unique keys and do not have the `auto_increment` or `auto_random` attribute, an error will be reported. In that case, it is recommended that you choose one of the following strategies:
```
